---
layout: post
title: Sprint 1
---

# Sprint 1

Well, what was planed here is to get @DiegoTc last year work and migrate it to jekyll, but since there is some troubles in getting his work to the repo, I'll do most of the work as it goes:

## Week 1

###What is done:

1- Add bootstrap&Jquery 1.9.1 files to static dir.

2- Add a submodule for ace.

3- Create the code version of bonecard and test it.

###Issues:

1- There were some delay in time waiting for @DiegoTc to get his patch.

2- @jadonk told me that there is two versions of bonecard with different sizes the large one called "zoomed", looking for it to work on its code instead doing another one form scratch.

3- Need to be more DRY in css code, and @jadonk suggested to "Inherit bonecard-code from bonecard-zoomed".

4- There is another version on ace already in static dir but it is kind of outdated, so need to use the new one with reasonable merge instead of using submodules.

5- Due to my exams, the output is not the best at all, and afraid that this issue will be in the next week also.

### Next week goals:

1- Fix past week issues.

2- Make a skeleton for "Create Tutorial" page.

## Week 2

Couldn't do much on this week due to my exams(it is over now).
So same plane will be applied for the next week plus:

- Finish up with the home page.
- Get Diego's work merged with the current repo.
  -- I've added Diego to the repo and he can now commit his work.
- wrap up this sprint and get ready for the next sprint.  

## Week 3

### What is done:

1- Fix some issues with css code.

2- Almost finish with [create tutorial](http://ehab93.github.io/bone101/Support/bone101/create.html) page 

3- Diego is migrating saving tutorial as a gist script(probably will be finished with the next week)

### Issues:

1- [Viewing](http://screencast.com/t/KGFyaOnGyedr) the card need more work
     was thinking of making it as a carousel and found this [plugin](http://owlgraphic.com/owlcarousel/demos/manipulations.html)
     but I realized that it would take me more work than what it is planned for it, so I decided to make it work 
     for now, and come back to it later if there is enough time for it. also if any one could give me any
     suggestion on this that would be great.

2- The cover card is missing so as well deleting a card feature. I'll work on them.

3- Next week I should start working on BBUI, but I have discussed this with Diego and we agreed on having
    the create/show tutorial ready and functional by the next week. so I'll switch sprints 5&6 with sprint 2.

4- Sorry for the delay on the report, but there was some issues I wanted to finish with Diego and Jason
    and there is some lag in the communication. but I'll try to avoid that next time.

### Next week goals:

1- Finish with previewing the tutorial.

2- Get Diego's work merged.